hey guys it's Tara and I'm gonna be
opening some Despicable Me minion
surprise blind boobs I have three of
them there's some pretty cute ones on
the back here I want I want the young
guru really bad and bedtime Agnes Agnes
is my favorite I could use a purple
minion too because I never got one from
the other ones and then I'm sure I'll be
getting probably all minions because
there is a lot of minions that you can
get seven total so hopefully I get one
non yellow minion so let's open up and
these icon it Toys R Us me feel like I
have this one from the other set but he
looks just a little bit different so
this is Carl yep I had definitely had
Carl from the other set so there is Carl
oh my goodness maybe I should stop
buying these even though I love just a
couple me I get a lot of duplicates so
there's another Carl thank you guys this
I think it might be Jim so I was right
Oh minions oh well they're so pretty
cute Shh
well let me know what you guys think of
Despicable Me minion surprise blind bags
I absolutely love these movies so I'm
super excited that they have blind bags
for him but I just wish that they had
some cooler ones inside and not so many
duplicates or maybe I should learn cheat
codes if there is some well thanks guys
for watching and have a great day bye
you